The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, well, well, if it is an old horse worm RO <laugh>,
I'm glad. You're, I'm glad you're well, man.
Bro, do I have to SU I don't know. I don't know. Do you they're making up.
They keep saying I'm taking horsey worm.
I literally got it from a doctor it's American company.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it's uh, it,
they won the Nobel prize in 2015 for use and human beings. Yeah.
And CNN is saying I'm taking horsey. Wormer. Yeah. What?
So they must know that that's a lie.
There's a lot of people saying it <laugh> right. But a lot of people can say it.
Okay. Like the internet says it, who cares? Sure.
But CNN is saying it like Jim Acosta IM a like, like USA today,
a few other like.
People and they're talking about ivermectin. Right? So what, cause I don't know.
I just saw so much news yeah. About you. I mean,
I've talked to you and check on you and see if you're all right.
And you're like, you, you, you threw the kitchen sink at it. You said,
which was stuff that, you know, you took IV drips and was it mono?
What?
Mono monoclonal.
Antibodies and that, what is monoclonal antibodies on? It's the.
They gave Trump.
Okay. Yeah. And then what, so who said, or did you already want.
IEC? Like, well, I had this guy on Dr. Pierre Corey, and he is, uh,
what is the organization? He's from frontline CRI COVID critical care workers.
Yeah. There's a lot C he's uh, well,
established doctors treated thousands of people with COVID and they've, uh,
early on in the pandemic, they found some good,
uh, efficacy with, uh, with, with, um, ivermectin,
frontline, 19 critical care Alliance. Okay. Yeah.
Um, so I had him on and you know, he had talked to me about, it's not,
he's not the only doctor that told me to take it.
Multiple doctors told me to take it. Mm-hmm <affirmative> it's uh,
it's supposed to have, uh,
what is the exact thing it's supposed to do?
There's there's something that I highlighted. Um, <affirmative>
and this is obviously, I'm not a doctor.
It says I ivermectin was found to be a blocker of
viral, uh, replica replica case,
R E P L I C a S a pro Ts.
And I don't know what this word is.
Human T M P R S S two. I don't know.
But what they didn't highlight. Yeah. Is that I got better. Yeah.
You got better quickly. They try,
try to make it seem as if like I'm doing some wacky that's completely
ineffective. And right.
CNN was saying that I'm a distributor of misinformation also.
That was the other thing that happened. The, um, in Tokyo, in Japan,
which is apparently, uh,
they're very conservative about the medication that they,
they use and the medications that they, uh, endorse.
But the Tokyo medical association,
chairman held a live press conference recommending ivermectin to all doctors
for all COVID patients.
So what's going on with the, like the, you know, it's kind of hard to,
to figure out what's the truth in, in a lot of things. But with,
with regard to this, people go, it's insane to take ivermectin.
Like you see it everywhere. Everyone's like, wow, don't take this.
And then you have the head of the Tokyo,
whatever medical commission saying, take IEC.
Yeah. I don't know what's going on, man. You know, there's a lot of speculation.
One of the speculations involves the, um,
emergency use authorization for the vaccines that
in order for there to be an emergency use authorization,
there has to be no treatment. Mm-hmm <affirmative> for a disease. Right.
So because there is this treatment in,
in IM actin and there's other treatments too, right. Um, because of this,
there's a lot of pushback against potential treatments and
pretending that they don't really work or that they're conspiracy theories.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> this is the, this is the grand conspiracy, right?
The grand conspiracy is the pharmaceutical companies are all on cahoots to try
to make anybody who takes this stuff look crazy,
but what's crazy is look how better I got, yeah, I got better. Pretty quick.
Let's go to like your, your whole experience. Yeah. So you get back from a trip.
Right. And is it that night,
do you arrive home and know, or like on your way home? And you're like,
I don't feel so great.
Um, well Saturday here's what happened Friday night,
we went out and gun hammered.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> went out and played pool till three 30 in the morning,
had a bunch of drinks.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> had a bunch of drinks at the show at the show.
I think I had two drinks and then I had like four afterwards.
So we're pretty lit. Yeah. And it was three 30 in the morning,
exhausted playing travel, you know, flew that day. Mm-hmm <affirmative> from,
um, I guess so Fort Lauderdale was the first show then that was Tampa.
And then last show was Orlando. Um, that night I just,
I was worn out Friday night, you know, three 30 in the morning. And I was like,
oh, I gotta crash.
And then I woke up in the morning and I was definitely hungover,
but I was also just feeling a little out of it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> just a little, just a little, just not good.
It's a hard to describe if I had COVID it was just like beginning stages,
but I thought it was a hangover, right.
It was kind of confuses the way how you can read it. So drank a lot.
Of water. Um, ate, took a bunch of vitamins, went to sleep, got up for the show,
felt good. Um, no drinks that night. Um,
and then that night we flew back.
And so just feeling worn out, you know, pretty normal,
but worn out mm-hmm <affirmative>. And then when I got home, I was like, man,
something just feels off. So I told my wife, you know, you should probably, um,
keep away from me. Let me isolate lucky.
We have a big house isolated and in the middle of the night I was sweating,
you know, or get fevers. And I just, I wasn't feeling good. And you knew it.
Then I woke up in the morning. I knew it when the morning, by the time,
the morning I was like, something's going on? Let's see what it is. It was 90,
whatever percent sure it was. COVID so morning I got tested,
turned out positive. And then, so this is Sunday mm-hmm.
<Affirmative> Sunday. So Sunday, Sunday, you're you find out you're positive.
And then that day you be, you feel sick, right? You're just in bed. Relax.
Yeah. That day headache sick. And do you.
Do you immediately, this is what I, I didn't hadn't asked you yet. Had you,
did you have a plan in place in your head for like,
if I get COVID I would do these. So you, yes.
So when you find out you're positive,
you start reaching out for these treatments. Yeah.
I already had the, I already had it in place. You did?
Yeah. I was already ready to go. So, and then you start taking them that day.
Yeah, I.
Got it. I got all the stuff that I needed. Took it that day.
And then Monday I felt pretty good. And I was taking vitamin IV drips every day.
High dose of vitamin C mm-hmm <affirmative>, um, vitamin D uh,
and N a D as well. My concern.
When I spoke to you was just, will you please rest?
<laugh> that's what I texted you. I was like, no hill runs,
no kettle bells and don't wrestle any cattle today. Just rest.
I did like, I'm going to rest. I'm going to rest. I.
Rested. I know I did. I rested. I did, I did do, but watch TV.
I actually enjoyed the first couple days. Cause I was like, this is a nice,
like a legit solid excuse where I don't have to do anything. Yes.
Which never comes up.
Right. That was like,
when the pandemic started back in March last year where it was like, no,
you have to cancel your dates. And I was like, all right,
it'll be like a nice week off. Like.
<Laugh> sure. Two weeks to slow the spread. Yeah. That's chill out. Yeah. Yeah.
Um, so, but you know, after I did this and I,
I hit it with the N a D and the, uh, high dose vitamin C,
I think it was 10,000, 10,000 milligrams of vitamin C in the IV drip,
which is like very, it it's very effective. It goes right in your bloodstream,
right? Yeah. Um,
after that and the monoclonal antibodies and all the other stuff,
literally on Monday, I felt pretty good.
That's yeah. So that's pretty, pretty fast, man. Pretty fast. Yeah. Yeah. Mine.
When I got COVID I was in like the hospital recovering
from surgery. Right. And I thought it was,
uh, the opioid withdrawals. Mm. Of which they told me, they're like,
you're gonna feel like, when you get off of these, like the flu, right. Yeah.
It's exactly. They said,
you're gonna get emotional and you're gonna feel terrible. And I was like, okay.
And I, I got off of them, like on a Saturday I stopped taking them after,
or like two weeks. And then on Monday,
I think it was Monday or Tuesday. I had PT and OT back to back.
And afterwards I was like, man, I feel terrible. What is OT?
Occupational therapy. What's your difference?
Like above the waist is kind of the way they tell you, like PTs below the waist,
OTs above the waist. Oh.
So they were treating my knee for PT and then the OT was like the arm in hand
stuff. And I did them back to back like, and they're hour each and I'm all up.
So they're like, yeah, of course you're tired and. And like take a nap. And I,
I slept like three hours and they're like, God. And I, and it here's the thing.
No, it occurred to nobody that I had. COVID the next day. I'm like,
I had diarrhea my, my shoulders,
like my traps neck were so achy. And I was like, oh. And they're like, yeah,
he's just worn out from the,
the therapy and getting off of the opiates and everything. And, and then the,
the next day, a little bit at her, but still. And the third day I was like,
I feel better. You know? And the fourth day I was like, I feel fine.
So that was kind of like my window. And it was the last,
the fourth day where they were like, do you wanna take a COVID test? I was like,
for what they're like, oh, for when you felt like, three days ago.
<laugh> and I go, yeah. Okay.
And so I took the COVID test and my favorite is that they're like,
do you want same day results? And I go, yeah. And they go, it's expensive.
And I go, this hospital stays expensive. What are you talking about? Like,
this is thousands of dollars a day. You think? I,
I don't wanna spend a hundred dollars more to find out today. So I said, yeah,
let's do same day. And then they tested at the end of the day, I go,
where's my result. And they're like, we don't know.
So the next day I'm going home and it's, it's,
it's a Saturday and they're taking me home. And I was like, Hey,
whatever happened to my COVID test. And now I feel like, totally fine.
And they go, uh, I don't know. I wanna call the lady that took the test.
And I was like, the. So crazy. So I get home,
I watch a movie with my kids. Oh no. And the email goes, ding.
And I open it and it says positive. That's how I found out.
So you're, super protected because, because they showed, uh,
there was a study that showed that if you've had a previous COVID infection,
you're six to 13 times, uh, more protected than you are with just a Pfizer.
Yeah. I try, I, you know, I gave up the argument. I was arguing with my cousin.
Who's an ID doctor. What's an ID doctor, infectious disease doctor.
So this is what she treats and she's in the hospitals, you know, every day. And,
uh, she was like, when the Delta variant came out, she was like,
this thing is no joke. She's like, is all I'm seeing, you have to get back.
Especially if you're going on tour. I was like, I was like, well,
what about whatever? I was like, fine. I'll just go. Yeah.
Just went. Well, it didn't bother you. Yeah. It didn't bother.
Me.
I'm still, um, doing that.
Like I'll still haw up little green. Yeah.
Here and there. You what? A week out?
I, uh, a week yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not that long,
but it doesn't feel bad. Yeah. Like you.
Had a great workout.
Workout today. Yeah. I had a great workout today. Felt great.
This that's my second workout. I had one workout two days, three days ago,
three days ago. Um, then took yesterday off and then worked out again today.
Yeah. No problem at all. Just feel completely normal. Great.
Yeah. And your breathing's fine.
Yeah. Except the, the hoking up little. Yeah. But it they're little ones, crazy.
Things. How,
or maybe you're immune to it now from having so much public scrutiny.
But like having people wish you got sicker, isn't that crazy to you?
I didn't pay attention. It's crazy to me. I mean, I've had people, you know,
wish harm on me and threaten me and tell me they wish I was dead and all this
stuff, but fun. Yeah. You're like cool, man. Uh,
thanks for watching this special. Um, but it's like when you're sick. Yeah.
People are like, I wish you were more.
Sick. Well, the good news is I was only sick for a day. That's true.
<Laugh>, it's just, it's just wild that there's people that like,
I wish you were more sick. I wish.
You wish you were in the hospital because I wasn't scared during the entire
pandemic, what they would like is that when I did get sick,
that I was really sick. You learned became really scared and learn my lung.
Yeah. Yeah. That's true. And instead it's the worst case scenario for them.
Right. I bounce back about as quick as you can. Yeah.
And they're haters. Yeah. But that's their life that's you gotta live like that.
Imagine spending any time whatsoever wishing that a person felt bad. Yeah.
That's true. It's the dumbest thing you could ever spend your energy on. Yeah.
Its doesn't work. You can't, it doesn't, it doesn't make people feel worse.
You're like.
God, I wish so hard. He's okay. <laugh> so crazy.
But I, I, you know, I'd heard that that was going on,
but I didn't pay attention to it. It's like, you know, they're weak. Yeah.
You stay salty. Yeah.
We're doing all right.
Everything's fine. Yeah. Doing pretty good. But meanwhile,
I don't have a bad message. My message is be healthy.
And obviously there there's some merit to that, you know,
and merit to being consistently healthy, you know, the end.
Here's a message. The, the thing that me is drinking. I think that really me.
Yeah. I bet. If I went home early,
went to the hotel early Friday night and got sleep. Like I normally do. I,
I better, would've never got me. You think so? Yeah.
I was hammered we're out playing pool till, like I said, three 30 in the morning
and you know, I love playing pool, so yeah. I'll play pool till I'm exhausted.
Oh.
My God. I went on a trip with you once, dude,
it was like stand up to pool <laugh>
to, to the whole next day, like you were like, I didn't go to bed.
<laugh> you got back at like 9:00 AM.
And then we went up to breakfast and I was like, why are you talking about that?
<laugh> you're fine. I was like, no way, dude.
Well, you know that, that message is not a good message. No,
the up all night message and the drinking message is that yeah,
my messages don't do that and it is stupid and I haven't had a drink since then.
Watch the entire episode for free only on Spotify.